The End
Hey, Umeko-chan, I'll give you this ribbon.
Why don't you exchange it?
No, I don't want that ribbon.
Anyway, I'll give you this doll.
You can have it as a baby doll.
No, I don't want your doll.
I want a baby doll.
Baby doll, baby doll, baby doll.
firearms
I can't help but change a baby.
I can't help but change a babyå­
Change a babyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy),50
What's wrong with all of you today?
Well, the older sister doesn't even ask if Ume is a baby.
But Matsuko-nee-chan doesn't ask if Abe-kawa is a baby.
What? You two are fighting over Abe-kawa and a baby?
If that's the case, I'll help you out.
So, bring the mochi.
Eh? The mochi?
Oh, right. Ume-chan, you say that.
Eh? Me?
I'm not good at deciding things.
Me neither.
What's wrong with you two?
You just laughed at Kawara-kun.
Where is the mochi?
Well, it's not here yet.
Eh? It's not here?
Then, what mochi did you fight over?
No, the older sister is here.
Is she? Then, where is she?
You were with her, weren't you?
I was.
Eh? You two were fighting over the mochi next door?
Ahaha. That's interesting.
Actually, I brought the freshly made mochi.
If you're going to fight over it, I'll give it to you.
Oh, that's boring.
Then, if you're not going to fight over it,
I'll give you the freshly made mochi.
That's good.
Yay!
Let's give it to him
Let's give him the freshly made mochi
Oh, I'm so happy
The freshly made mochi makes me so happy
Let's have a good time together
Oh, I'm so happy